hi this is russ bucher from control my
nikon and in this video we're going to
take a look at how we can create a
series of images of varying exposure so
that you can later create an HDR image
now I have control my nikon version for
started here we're going to connect to
my d7000 I've got the image browser ups
will take a look at the images as
they're being captured and I'll go up to
the trigger menu and to bracketing and
here's the bracketing window right here
I'm just going to set it right here now
when we bracket we can use these three
options up top we can take a series of
images with differing shutter speeds and
you have to be in shutter or manual mode
for that or at the bottom here you can
have a series of images of variable
exposure compensation need to be in
aperture mode for that and leave you
threw in a different feature here where
you can take a series of images and
adjust the aperture this of course would
change the exposure but also changes the
depth of field so you can use that to do
some different kind of effects on your
final image let's give this first option
to try and on this first one we're just
going to try a series of images on a
test subject and I'm going to start off
at 120 and you just double click here it
and brings it over and i'll do another
one at 140 now you could double click or
just press this button and it brings it
over and also do one at 180 now you can
have as many as you like here you know
if you want to have 10 or 15 shots you
can do that now if you wanted to change
the order of these you just press the up
button or you can also bring it
downwards with the down button so let's
give these a try now to start we just
press the start button and in any time
you could click on stop kieriell cancel
it now you can see it created this
folder and here's our three images and
we started off of 121 to 140 than 180 so
here's our 120
look at the metadata 120 140 and 180 and
they progressively got darker so now you
can go into some third-party software
and combine these three images to
produce an HDR image and control my
nikon does not have the ability to
create an HDR image you need to use
external software for that let's add
some more let's say we also want a 125
and we'll go a little darker last ones
120 we'll go 110 except i'll bring my
110 up here okay this time I do five
let's take a shot I can see that this
brought us five images the first one
starting 110 last one going to 125
dislike we had set it up here
progressively going from lighter to
darker now you can look at the histogram
here to ensure that you have enough
coverage so for example on this one you
want to make sure on your lightest image
that you don't have anything that is
completely blown out black so and you
don't so that's a good start you have
nothing here so as we progress upwards
who want to look at your last image and
make sure you have nothing blown out
white and you have something just touch
blown out late it's probably one pixel
right in the center here that should be
okay this is really just a reflection
from the studio lighting on this glass
bulb this series of images would be
acceptable if there wasn't any movement
for doing an HDR image and that's it
that's how you do bracketing in control
my nikon happy tethering
you